ohmygosh fam I have so many things to
catch you up on last week's lush weekend
I went to Nashville Tennessee I went to
a conference called story gathering and
I filmed my vlog that will fire at
buffer festival in Canada in a car stop
showing this footage you're not allowed
to see it until after buffer festival
during this time in Nashville I got sick
new development
I felt very sick it was really lame and
I'm still stopped up excuse my nasally
tone went back to New York City for two
days did a ton of laundry and a ton of
Netflix thing because I still did not
feel well trying to finish a new episode
of creative spaces TV failed miserably
the most insane creative block I have
had in a while that new episode will be
out tomorrow got my apartment ready for
two of my dollars friends to come over
and stay I left for Detroit the next
morning didn't wake up to my alarm woke
up to a car horn hitch was so hectic had
a drop of my keys my friends could get
my apartment showed up to the airport
and Sally Lake rushed to the gate got
there literally two minutes before they
closed the door I almost had a panic
keep in mind I was still very sick so I
was like running through JFK like
sniffling employment knows and coughing
this morning woke up in Detroit Michigan
had a meeting in the hotel lobby and now
we are here I'm in Detroit for a very
very short amount of time at the hotel
I'm at it's like this huge spaceship of
a building it's very confusing but it's
so cool so I think we need to go check
it out and get food I'm starving
I'm so hungry by the way I'm rocking my
Timmy hands swag this week
Timmy aka sloth he's an awesome
illustrator and has a sick clothing line
you should check him out
I'll put his link in the bio okay guys
like I'm back with the adobe creative
residence
and look it's it's hair what led you to
this decision because it's amazing it
looks fantastic everyone say hi to lovey
hey lovey so these are basically like
bird stickers that you made and people
can download and use them like iMessage
and stuff
and they can just download them and use
them in iMessage right we need to see
trash Craig so not the name we landed on
right now this trash bag this is the
most confusing hotel slash spaceship
I've ever been
I got food that was bad and got a dr.
pepper don't judge I need the caffeine
this hotel is so insane like it's not
just hotel but it's like this whole
facility slash mall type thing and I got
stopped by homeless dude it was like I'm
hungry I need food I'm broke cool wha
and I was like you know I just go to
sandwich I can go get another sandwich
here have my sandwich and then he was
like but I can't eat certain things do
you have cash and I'm like I just
offered you a sandwich
you said you're hungry like this is a
ham and cheese sandwich he was like I
can't eat that and I was like I'm sorry
dude I don't carry cash on me and then
he was like there's an ATM right around
the corner let's just go over there just
get some cash I'm like homie this is a
sketch we'll have a nice day stuff like
that this makes me sad who knows maybe
he does have a food allergy it would
suck to be homeless
and have a food allergy I just don't
recommend going to ATMs with strangers
so here's the thing fam I'm dressed
right here you're gonna tonight is I
think all Dan Adobe Creative Jam
basically a bunch of designers get
together they are rallying around one
topic one idea and they like have a
design Mathon so for a few hours they're
on like a team designed a cool design of
some sort and at the very end there's
judges and people wooden stuff and
they're speakers for the audience while
the designers are designing people come
in listen to speakers and I'm one of the
speakers it's such an honor for stuff
like this usually I'm very optimistic
have high hopes and change the world
this talk that's gonna be great
right now I'm just like okay sir I don't
have a coughing attack and don't like
sniffle 20 times a second I only got a
chance to practice it once all the way
through usually it's better to practice
more than once life's just been well a
little crazy being sick and editing and
just luck
so I'll let you know how it goes I mean
you're coming with me so you'll see I'm
with Frank we're in an elevator so but
this elevator is something special get
ready to literally walk up oh my gosh
here look all inquisitive keeps going
it's serious oh this music oh yeah
that's Canada over there where where
across the water
why are you serious I'm looking at
Canada right now scan I don't know I'm
like - south of the border here's Polly
yeah that's two
Wow so you go up this crazy elevator
come up to this cafe do you have how
many floors like exactly 72 72 floors
and the view from up here is insane 360
of Detroit 360 cameras brought one
people are already jamming away guess
what the theme is
his perfect
adult it
well the first people I met that worked
from Adobe this is Liz I'm so excited
that I get to hang out with her it was
we met and Matt at the Nashville
creative Jam free Adobe residency and
like you Paul
Lee Lee was there yeah y'all were like
my first yeah like my first impression
of Adobe it was so great
I love that color I love yes
you put on on a clear clear block it's
their block
yeah put on their dipping some ink and
Bank magic so I was just not here like
practicing my talk well what's your name
Hussein Hussein came and brought me a
lock relay oh my gosh thank you so much
you're so considerate
yes it's hiki future yeah oh my gosh now
that I have my Lacroix I can focus
just stop I think it well I didn't have
a coughing attack or anything which was
done
so now they are doing their
presentations right now all the teams
have finished their design and there
will be a winner of certain categories
and then the crowd gets to vote on their
favorite so adulting concept as adults
it comes up that I'm not very familiar
with I try in every state come on you
take it off
I like this
how to security
of course is great team
one
yeah
what do you think is signature he's
pretty good
this dude
you're so cool your
kid you're now on the blog
cutie are we are we all getting in this
in this car can we fit how did the
creative Jam go Liz oh my gosh erupt
okay Detroit I was impressed yeah major
talent yeah yeah Libby is the bond icon
she just picked up the residence with
this swag book just came out thanks
Libby such a lovely night so the coolest
part was I met a lot of you guys I met a
lot of the Peachy fan you you turnt up I
tweeted it about it a little bit about
the creative Jam and i snapchatted
a little bit about it and I met a lot of
you guys and the conversations we had
we're just amazing and it's always so
fun to put a viewers face to like that
number and yeah a new creative spaces TV
episode tomorrow Saturday and thanks so
much for hanging out with me in Detroit
stay peachy fam okay bye
but also I got a p.o box and so p.o box
is down in the description below
don't spend ton of money on me but like
send me pictures of your face and stuff
and if you're a company you can spend
money on me and if you have a dope
product I'll feature you but yeah if
you're just a person I love pictures
like Polaroids send me a Polaroid of
your face or something don't spend money
don't spend a lot of money on me but I
got a peel bucks so
I am in Brooklyn right now at the
Gregory Brothers HG they're in an
amazing YouTube channel called Schmo
Yoho were they song 5 stuff